README.md, before:

# Currency Converter App
The Currency Converter is an application that allows users to convert between different currencies using current exchange rates. The application is built with Angular as a frontend and will be deployed on AWS.

## Features
- Convert between different currencies using current exchange rates.
- Input validation to ensure accurate currency conversion.
- Displays the converted amount and exchange rate.
- Supports multiple currencies.
- Automatically retrieves daily exchange rates from an API.

## Cloud Architecture
The architecture of the Currency Converter application is described in the [CloudArchitecture.md](CloudArchitecture.md) document.
![Cloud architecture](./resources/currency-converter-cloud-architecture.svg)

## Deployment
The Currency Converter application will be deployed on AWS with a CI/CD pipeline, which will be exposed in the [Deployment.md](Deployment.md) document.

---

## Contributing and support
Your help and feedback is always welcome!

If you find an issue let me know by directly opening an issue here in the repo.

The Currency Converter application was created by [SamuPert](https://github.com/SamuPert). If you'd like to contribute to the project, please submit a pull request or contact me for more information.

Commit message:

Splitted Contributing and Support readme sections

README.md, after:

# Currency Converter App
The Currency Converter is an application that allows users to convert between different currencies using current exchange rates. The application is built with Angular as a frontend and will be deployed on AWS.

## Features
- Convert between different currencies using current exchange rates.
- Input validation to ensure accurate currency conversion.
- Displays the converted amount and exchange rate.
- Supports multiple currencies.
- Automatically retrieves daily exchange rates from an API.

## Cloud Architecture
The architecture of the Currency Converter application is described in the [CloudArchitecture.md](CloudArchitecture.md) document.
![Cloud architecture](./resources/currency-converter-cloud-architecture.svg)

## Deployment
The Currency Converter application will be deployed on AWS with a CI/CD pipeline, which will be exposed in the [Deployment.md](Deployment.md) document.

---

## Contribute! 
Your help and feedback is always welcome!

If you'd like to contribute to the project, please submit a pull request or contact me for more information.

## Support
Feel free to open an issue for bugs and feature requests here in the repo.
